sampling mom and
the duration of a shudder lasts the first does not cease the good season between
Leonardo and Berlusconi
1 philosopher the other emperor the first summer whim of the second Leonardo
did not want to coach Berlusconi yes they found a compromise for the sake of
milan is said to be going
I can't deny that I can't stand the deficit ratio
difficult relationship
we are very different
therefore they are sounds
view different from your sun I respect
God forbid we pass different and this is true perhaps it is compatible
it ended like this without basins but with so much pride
the slaps of Berlusconi pirates during the dinners with the parliamentarians of the
pdl which talks about Milan more than it does with Cagliari each one
Leonardo criticizes and every time there was someone who did not keep the secret
because everything is political, even a ball that rolls between sweet thoughts
of a philosopher
as he says
renato zero I'd give you my eyes to see what you don't see.
Leonardo rebelled and was the first
and to think that zaccheroni had been hunted because of him
Berlusconi used badly I compare a canosa tailor to use it fabric of
good dress before that
caparezza I exchanged by its president for a singer of the festival
of sanremo
software incapable that did not know how to make a giant for these criticisms
I leave the last and 'ancelotti berlusconi on the national team bench
last year he had already exonerated in a nightclub in Sharm el
sheik talking with some Italian tourists
the hunt itself then arrived on live television on skai before
milan and rome last game san siro di maldini
the first thing that comes to mind on maldini
meaning
there are celotti
same to you
with one word I explain to everyone that this was also the last game of ancelotti
a san siro just as ancelotti was explaining his players that
nothing you have decided yet
as now even then milan was playing a place in champions
league